# Welcome to the AR/VR curriculum track!
- The Augmented Reality / Virtual Reality (AR/VR) specialization focuses on teaches fundamentals of programming in C# and developing interactive mixed reality projects in Unity3D, the world’s leading real-time game engine. Throughout the next nine months, you will learn Unity3D concepts such as scripting, animation, UI design, creating shaders, game testing, and more, as well as learning UX concepts specific to AR and VR, including accessibility and user comfort. With these skills, you’ll be able to create interactive experiences of all kinds, not only for entertainment or gaming, but industries such as marketing, manufacturing, healthcare, education, and more.

This track will require you to download, test, and manually review your peers’ Unity projects. This will give you experience in play testing projects as well as give you insight to other methods of accomplishing the tasks in each project. Much of AR/VR is about designing for optimal user experience, and there’s no better way to understand what makes a good user experience than testing it for yourself and seeing what works and what doesn’t. In other words, these reviews are just as much for your own benefit as it is for those you are reviewing.

Most of these Unity projects will ask you to create and upload builds for multiple platforms. You must provide all builds listed in the project so that students using different devices have the ability to test. If you are reviewing another student’s work and are unable to run or install their build, you may clone the student’s project repository and open it in Unity to test. Ensure you’re using the correct version of Unity if you’re doing this (you should all be using the latest Unity LTS version!), as differences in Unity versions can lead to import errors when opening projects.